What is the Autodiscover service in Exchange 2019?
A feature in exchange that if you set up a dns record and it points to your exchange server.  When you install a program like outlook it looks for this record and autoconfigures during installation.

What is one of the biggest enemies of high availability?
Service outages and downtime

A DAG can contain a maximum of how many Exchange Server 2019 Mailbox Servers?
Database availability group – 16 maximum

What are Retention Policies?
Keeps email backed up even if deleted by user

What is an In‐place Hold?
Prevents a user from deleting emails in case of investigation or audit

What are some of the tasks you can do with Transport Rules?
Attach disclaimers to outgoing messages automatically domain wide that cannot be removed

What can I use Windows Deployment Services for?
For installing windows network wide

What is a feature that was removed in Exchange 2019?
Faxing capabilities

What is an Incremental Backup?
It doesn’t backup everything.  It only backs up what changed since the last backup

What is a Differential Backup?
Backs up everything since the full backup (all incremental backups)

What is VSS?
Volume shadow copy service – allows backups while device is still in use

Exchange requires access to Active Directory.


What are the differences between Software RAID, BIOS RAID, and Hardware RAID?
Software – raid controller runs in software
BIOS – uses existing hardware/cpe/etc
Hardware raid controller runs on raid card

When using Get‐Mailbox, select the user Doug Dacey on the Server CST8342.


Using Tab Completion, what would "Get‐Distri" produce?
Get-DistributionGroup

How would you set every mailbox on the Server "CST8342" to have its custom
attribute 15 set to "Algonquin" using EMS?


What EMS command would show DisplayName, ItemCount, StorageLimitStatus, and LastLogonTime for all MailBox objects of Server “CST8342”? Assume you are on
server cst8342.


How would you display only, DisplayName, ItemCount, and TotalItemSize for Doug Dacey?
Get‐MailboxStatistics –Server CST8342 | Sort‐Object TotalItemSize ‐Descending | Select‐Object DisplayName, ItemCount, TotalItemSize | Export‐CSV C:\Reports\StorStats.csv

Complete the following sentence. As an Azure customer, Azure Reservations offer discounted prices if you _________
Paying for resources in advance for a cheaper rate

Which of the following is a factor affecting costs?
Energy costs, region, distance

Which one of the following is used to determine Azure costs for each billing
period?
Usage Meters

Which one of these is not a cost‐saving solution?


Azure Cost Management allows you to _________.
Gives ability to know what services you are spending your money on

Azure Advisor provides recommendations for _________.
Higher availability, costs, security, performance

Which tab of the Azure pricing calculator will you use to put together your
estimate?
products

Which of the following would be good to put a resource lock on?
somthing that is critical like an express route

Which of the following would be the most efficient way to ensure a naming
convention was followed across your subscription?
Custom attributes




Which of the following might be a good usage of tags?
To leaves comments for others to read
Associate costs to different departments
Schedule maintenance windows

Which of the following is not a feature of resource groups?
Nesting resource groups

Where can you obtain details about the personal data Microsoft processes, how
Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes?
Privacy Statement

Which of the following services provides up‐to‐date status information about the health of Azure services?
Azure Service Health

Which Azure service allows you to create, assign, and, manage policies to enforce different rules and effects over your resources and stay compliant with your corporate standards and service‐level agreements (SLAs)?
Azure Policy

Which Azure service allows you to configure fine‐grained access management for Azure resources, enabling you to grant users only the rights they need to perform their jobs?
RBAC – Role Based Access Control

You want to store certificates in Azure to centrally manage them for your
services. Which Azure service should you use?
Azure Key Vault

There has been an attack on your public‐facing website, and the application's
resources have been overwhelmed and exhausted, and are now unavailable to users.
What service should you use to prevent this type of attack?
Firewall

Which of these is the strongest way to protect sensitive customer data?
Encryption of stored data, encryption of trafficked data

Which of these helps you most easily disable an account when an employee leaves your company?
SSO – single sign on

Cloud security is a shared responsibility between you and your cloud provider. Which category of cloud services requires the greatest security effort on your part?
Infrastructure as a service

How does Azure Traffic Manager reduce latency?
Finds fastest way to point a to b

What is network latency?
The time from when you make a request to when you get your data

Which is true about Azure Load Balancer?
It shares access between multiple resources that have the same structure

Which of the following is true about virtual networks?
Virtually networks run virtually in software


What is an Azure region?
Different Azure datacenters in different geographical locations so you can put them close to your users or where they are cheapest

A newly released mobile app using Azure data storage has just been mentioned by a celebrity on social media, seeing a huge spike in user volume. To meet the unexpected new user demand, what feature of pay‐as‐you‐go storage will be most beneficial?
Being able to scale up/down resources when needed

Which of the following situations would yield the most benefits from relocating an on‐premises data store to Azure?
Your services and resources have big fluctuations in demand

Suppose you work at a startup with limited funding. Why might you prefer Azure data storage over an on‐premises solution?  
You can limit the amount of money you spend

The compute options give you different levels of control over the configuration of the environment in which your application runs. Which of the following lists the compute options in order from "most control" to "least control"?   
virtual machines (most), containers (less), serverless computing(least)


Imagine that you work on a photo‐sharing application that runs on millions of
mobile devices. Demand is unpredictable because you see a spike in usage whenever a locally or nationally significant event occurs. Which Azure compute resource is the best match for this workload?
Multiple instances

Suppose you have an existing application running locally on your own server. You need additional capacity but prefer to move to Azure instead of buying upgraded on‐premises hardware. Which compute option would likely give you the quickest route to getting your application running in Azure?
Virtual machines

Azure Advisor provides advice on which of these topics:


An Azure dashboard is stored as which type of file?
JASON

Billing in Azure is ______________
Subscription or usage

Which of the following defines an Azure subscription correctly?
Logical units based on what service

Application availability refers to what?
How much uptime an application has without doing down

To use Azure datacenters that are made available with power, cooling, and
networking capabilities independent from other datacenters in a region, choose a region that supports _________?
Availability zones

Deploying an app can be done directly to what level of physical granularity?
What region

When should you scale out your deployment? 
When you're using excess capacity that you don't need.
When you need capacity that you don’t have

What does Remote Desktop Services allow you to do?
Allows you to take control of a remote virtual machine or desktop

You're developing an application and want to focus on building, testing, and
deploying. You don't want to worry about managing the underlying hardware or
software. Which cloud service type is best for you?
Platform as a Service

Suppose you have two types of applications: legacy applications that require
specialized mainframe hardware and newer applications that can run on commodity hardware. Which cloud deployment model would be best for you?
Hybrid Cloud Solution

Which term from the list below would be viewed as benefits of using cloud
services?
Elasticity (scale out/in)

True or false: Azure has money‐saving options for test and development servers.
true

True or false: If you already have Windows Server licenses, you have to pay for them again on Azure.
false

True or false: PaaS is generally less expensive than IaaS.
true

True or false: You can share your estimate through an Excel spreadsheet or through a URL.
true

Tags applied at a resource group level are propagated to resources within the
resource group. Tags can be applied to any type of resource on Azure
tags do no propagate down

True or false: You can download published audit reports and other
compliance‐related information related to Microsoft's cloud service from the
Service Trust Portal
true
